# Cloning and Contributing

## About this Project

You can notice that the [core library](https://github.com/FinNLP/fin/blob/master/src/index.ts) is about 100 lines long. This is because the development of this project takes a highly modular approach where everything is a module and loosely tied to the other.

So each of the lexicon, lexer, POS tagger, dependency parser is on a separate repository.

This helps in writing more eloquent and independent code, expressive tests, while keeping everything separate. It's also makes it easier for other project to use the processors and libraries like the lexer and POS tagger




## How to contribute

### Cloning

- You can find all of the modules in [GitHub](https://github.com/FinNLP/)
- Almost all repositories are written in TypeScript, to build you need typescript to be installed globally, then you can run `npm run build`.
- Almost all repositories have test, some require mocha others don't. To run the tests simply run the command `npm run test`.


### Guidelines and Hints

- This project adheres to semantic versioning.
- Processor modules major version number corresponds to the core library's major version number. That means when the core library has the version `2.x.x`, all of it's modules should hold the version `2.x.x`.
- Write and run tests before sending the pull request.
- Read the documentation of the module in question.
- [Email me](mailto:alex@arrayy.com) if you feel like it.

-----

> __HINT__
> Note:
>
> I'll write contribution instructions for each repository when I have the time.



