# Interceptors

## The Problem

Processing steps, can only be so smart, it can not possibly detect all real world cases. This is why it has been designed to be extensible. Now let's take another real world problem:

If **Fin** received this sentence:

```text
Rick & Morty is a good show
```
It will be able to do all the processing correctly. However, if it receives an encoded version: 

```text
Rick &amp; Morty is a good show
```
Things won't be so accurate, The `&amp;` is, an encoded ampersand `&`, known as HTML entity. This HTML entity can be expected from web entries, like social media posts, comments ...etc.

If we run the above example `Rick &amp; Morty is a good show` in **Fin**:
- `&` will be considered as conjugation coordinate.
- `amp` will be considered as a noun.
- `;` will be considered as a mid sentence punctuation. 

This is obviously wrong, and it will lead to inaccurate POS tagging, and thus inaccurate dependency parsing. 

## The Solution

To solve the aforementioned problem (and other similar problems) we need to use **interceptors**. Interceptors are functions that intercepts any input, decodes it and return a decoded version.

```javascript
const fin = require(finnlp);
finnlp.extend({
	id:"interceptor",
	extension:function(str){
		return str.replace(/&amp;/gi,"&");
	}
});
```

The extension (interceptor) we defined above will take the string and replace all occurrences of `&amp;` with `&`.

So at the basic level, interceptors are extension functions that takes a string and returns a transformed version of this string. It can be utilized for various reasons, like **Kamoji**, **HTML entities**, special punctuations ... etc.

However, make sure that you add the interceptor before instantiating a new instance of **Fin**.

